About the job
Global Technology, Software Engineer, 6 Month Industrial Placement Analyst

Dublin, Ireland

About Us

At Bank of America, we are guided by a common purpose to help make financial lives better through the power of every connection. We do this by driving Responsible Growth and delivering for our clients, teammates, communities and shareholders every day.

Being a Great Place to Work is core to how we drive Responsible Growth. This includes our commitment to being an inclusive workplace, attracting and developing exceptional talent, supporting our teammates’ physical, emotional, and financial wellness, recognizing and rewarding performance, and how we make an impact in the communities we serve.

Bank of America is committed to an in-office culture with specific requirements for office-based attendance and which allows for an appropriate level of flexibility for our teammates and businesses based on role-specific considerations.

At Bank of America, you can build a successful career with opportunities to learn, grow, and make an impact. Join us!

The team:

Global Technology teams design, develop and support applications needed to maintain the Banks full range of products and services in over 30+ countries. The team liaise with both technical and business colleagues across the bank to deliver high quality, scalable and performant systems that align with the Bank’s strategic goals.

Programme Overview

Our 6-month Industrial Placement (IP) Analyst programme is designed to offer you a broad and exciting experience of work as a full time Technology Analyst. During your placement, you will have the opportunity to fully integrate into one team, allowing you to contribute straightaway.

Training and Development 

Your training and development is our top priority with extensive formal training offered at the start of the programme in addition to on the job support, educational speaker events and mentorship throughout.

Responsibilities:

Providing technical experience to design, develop, and maintain state-of-the-art technology applications utilising technologies such as Java/EJB’s, C++, .NET, Python and Web services
Gathering and translating internal and external client requirements into technical design specifications, business process reengineering
Coding solutions, completing unit tests, and ensuring the solution can be integrated successfully into the overall application/system with clear, robust, and well-tested interfaces
Participating and contributing to the delivery/release (CI/CD) events. e.g. branching timelines, pull requests, issue triage, merge/conflict resolution, systems design documents, release notes


Eligibility

Candidates are required to be pursuing a Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university with a completion time frame between September 2026 and July 2027. Completion means that you have completed all final exams, coursework, and have no outstanding requirements for graduation. Please note that we reserve the right to request evidence of this completion date before extending an offer.
Achieved minimum of 112 UCAS point (or equivalent) and on track for a minimum 2:1 degree classification (or equivalent)
Must have a placement programme built into the academic curriculum and be available to join the programme between January and March 2026 for 6 months – please note that this programme runs between January 2026 and August 2026, and we typically have one intake in January and one in March. We are unable to adjust these dates of this programme and you will need to be available for full-time work for the full 6 months.


Candidates who perform well during the internship may be offered full time employment to commence in July 2027; some lines of business may also offer the opportunity of a January or April start date. You must be available to join on one of these start dates if offered, unfortunately we are unable to offer deferrals.

What We Are Looking For

Essential:

Show demonstrable evidence of self-learning outside of studies, and efforts to advance technical skills
Display clear motivation for exploring a technology career within financial services.
Demonstrate capacity for innovative thinking and strong problem solving.
Demonstrate effective communication and interpersonal skills, and ability to interact with a variety of people.
Display evidence of strong teamwork, leadership, and the ability to work in a fast-paced environment
Fluency in written and spoken English is a pre-requisite.
Demonstrate integrity and ethics by earning other’s trust and respect through consistent honesty and professionalism in all interactions.


Desired:

Knowledge of any of the following: React, Angular, .NET, Python or Java
Knowledge of object orientated or relational database management system such as Oracle or MS SQL Server
Knowledge/experience of Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment software delivery processes.
Knowledge of the software development cycle


Our recruitment process

Analyst internship and full-time recruiting takes place on a rolling basis once our applications are open. Assessments often begin before the deadline, so it’s best to submit your application early as this will give you the best chance of being considered for the role.

We care deeply about shaping the world of work to be an equal and inclusive one – and that starts with our recruitment process. We know just how important and valuable it is to have a wide range of skills, backgrounds and experiences shaping our work and ideas. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds, and we’re proud to focus on attracting, retaining and developing diverse talent within Bank of America. Together, we aim to mirror the customers, clients and communities we serve.

We are an equal opportunity employer and ensure that no applicant is subject to less favourable treatment on the grounds of gender, gender identity or gender reassignment, marital or civil partner status, race, religion or belief, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origins, age, sexual orientation, being pregnant or on maternity leave, socio-economic background, responsibilities for dependents, physical or mental disability. The Bank selects candidates for interview based on their skills, qualifications, and experience.

What if I need workplace adjustments?

We’re committed to ensuring our online application process provides an equal employment opportunity to all job seekers. If you need a workplace adjustment to search for a job opening, need help completing your application or video interview, please email juniortalentemea@bofa.com and let us know. We will be more than happy to discuss the support you need, and we will respond to your email within two business days.