About the job
Are you ready to develop the future of retail? 


As the world’s leader in IoT and data technologies for commerce, our mission is to help retailers and brands use digitalization to become more efficient, more intelligent, and more sustainable—and in doing so, enable more positive commerce. 


VusionGroup  is a fast-growing, fast-paced retail tech company. We believe that by thinking big and working together as one team—agile thinkers, tech makers, and change agents—we can build the largest retail IoT platform in the world. 




Job Description

We build. We create impact. 


As a Data Solutions Developer, you will design, develop, and implement data-driven solutions to empower business decision-making for our customers and develop new and innovative solutions for our suite of SaaS products. You will work as part of the data solutions team to enhance our internal product tooling and customer facing products. This role requires a strong problem-solving mindset, proficiency in programming languages, and a passion for leveraging technology to optimize data solutions. Some of the areas you will be working on include:


● Developing and maintaining new data integration pipelines to process customer data into our cloud based SaaS products.


● Develop data processing apps/scripts using SQL and .NET to analyse and present valuable insights to retailers.


● Work closely with business analysts, data scientists, and other stakeholders to understand data needs and translate them into technical solutions.


● Integrate structured and unstructured data from multiple systems to support analytics & requirements for some of the largest retailers globally.




Qualifications

Qualifications we’re looking for.  


Experience: 2-5 years experience working in a data or backend role.


Education: Computer Science degree or similar qualification.


Skills:


Experience with SQL coding (MS SQL Server a plus)
Experience with any cloud providers, preferably Azure.
NET Development - We use primarily .NET but Java or similar language would be considered with ough experience.
Python or similar scripting language
Powershell would be a bonus but not necessary
English - Fluent
Familiar with data storage structures such as XML, JSON.
Experience coding or using REST Apis would be a plus but not required.
Knowledge of any Database management skills and tools would be beneficial but training can be provided.

Additional Information

We innovate. We help communities thrive. 


VusionGroup operates in 19 countries, offering you the opportunity to join a globally connected team of passionate, curious, and collaborative professionals.


Here, you'll thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment where challenges fuel innovation and ambition drives success. Your contributions will be recognized and valued as we work together to redefine the future of modern commerce. The role is based in Cork, Ireland but we offer hybrid working and flexible conditions.


VusionGroup is a place where people feel safe, happy, and respected. We offer programs and benefits to support you in whatever comes next in your life.


Not the right opportunity for you? 

Share this job with a friend or search all careers at vusiongroup.com/careers. 