About the job
If this opportunity sounds exciting, please register your interest by applying today. We will contact you when recruitment begins in Autumn 2025.

Please note, this is not an application. By applying to this ‘Register Your Interest’ opportunity, you are letting our recruiters know you want to be informed when our graduate jobs in Galway open for applications.***

Joining us as a graduate is the first step in building a fascinating, stimulating, and rewarding technology career. From software engineering to microchip design to IP, our graduates are employed across the company in all areas of our global operations, from Cambridge to Austin to Galway. At Arm, you’ll be able to do great things and use your skills to build next-generation tech that's used all over the world.

We're Looking For Individuals Who Are

Hold, or be on track to hold a Degree by the time your program starts. This can be Bachelors, Masters or even PHD Degree or equivalent experience.

Qualities That Will Help Your Application Stand Out

We are seeking the next generation of innovative engineers to join us! Ideally you will be studying, or have studied, a degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Electronic Engineering, or other relevant subjects such as Physics or Maths.

Skills

While we will develop and enhance your experience and skills throughout the program, there are a few qualities we expect you to bring:

A genuine passion for embedded computingthat extends beyond academic studies.
A creative and structured approach to problem-solving.
A strong desire to learn and growat every opportunity.

Graduate Start Date:September 2026 Accommodations at Arm

At Arm, we want to build extraordinary teams. If you need an adjustment or an accommodation during the recruitment process, please email accommodations@arm.com . To note, by sending us the requested information, you consent to its use by Arm to arrange for appropriate accommodations. All accommodation or adjustment requests will be treated with confidentiality, and information concerning these requests will only be disclosed as necessary to provide the accommodation. Although this is not an exhaustive list, examples of support include breaks between interviews, having documents read aloud, or office accessibility. Please email us about anything we can do to accommodate you during the recruitment process.

Hybrid Working at Arm

Arm’s approach to hybrid working is designed to create a working environment that supports both high performance and personal wellbeing. We believe in bringing people together face to face to enable us to work at pace, whilst recognizing the value of flexibility. Within that framework, we empower groups/teams to determine their own hybrid working patterns, depending on the work and the team’s needs. Details of what this means for each role will be shared upon application. In some cases, the flexibility we can offer is limited by local legal, regulatory, tax, or other considerations, and where this is the case, we will collaborate with you to find the best solution. Please talk to us to find out more about what this could look like for you.

Equal Opportunities at Arm

Arm is an equal opportunity employer, committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal opportunities are available to all applicants and colleagues. We are a diverse organization of dedicated and innovative individuals, and don’t discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.

