About the job
Company overview:

Team.Blue was created in June 2019 by the merger of the regional leading hosting

providers Combell Group, Register Group and TransIP Group.

team.blue is the most trusted digital enabler and an ecosystem of successful brands working together across regions to provide customers with everything they need to succeed online.

team.blue is a leading digital enabler for companies and entrepreneurs. It serves over 3.3 million customers in Europe and UK and has more than 3,000 experts to support them. Its goal is to shape technology and to empower businesses with innovative digital services.

Come as you are

Everyone is welcome here. Diversity & Inclusion are at our core. Far above any technical competence, we value respect, openness, and trusted collaboration. We do not tolerate intolerance.

Sustainability

At team.blue, our commitment to caring for the environment and each other is at the heart of everything we do. Our latest impact report showcases our ongoing ESG efforts and ambitious sustainability goals. Interested in learning more about our dedication to making a positive impact? Check our website.

Why choose team.blue?

Professional Growth: Access ongoing training, mentorship, and opportunities to expand your technical and leadership skills.
Impact: See the results of your work in real-world applications and make a meaningful difference for our customers.
Recognition: Your ideas and contributions are valued—everyone has a voice and the opportunity to drive change.
A diverse and inclusive culture
Access to flexible working opportunities
A relaxed, collaborative atmosphere


Benefits

Competitive Annual Leave & Salary
Company Pension
Your birthday off + a bonus to give yourself a treat
Company health care scheme
Enhanced company sick pay scheme
Social events
Cycle to Work Scheme


What We Do

We make succeeding online as easy as it can be for our customers. We:

Provide award-winning IT services
Keep our products accessible and competitive
Offer a diverse range of products to allow customers to grow
Are customer-obsessed, offering multi-channel exceptional support


Our values

The five characteristics that drive our behaviours and the heart of our business culture.

We put our customers at the heart of everything we do
We’re stronger together and we trust each other to do the right thing
We tell it like it is, and keep doors and mind open
We treat each other with respect and regard
We’re always thinking ’what’s next?


Job Description

We are seeking a talented PHP Developer to join our software engineering team. In this role, you will work on developing and maintaining solutions that integrate with WHMCS. While prior experience with WHMCS is a plus, it is not essential—what matters most is your proficiency with PHP, eagerness to learn, and ability to deliver high-quality code.

Key Responsibilities

Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade existing software.
Deploying custom hooks, addons, and modules in WHMCS to extend platform functionality and integrate with external systems.
Conduct code reviews of other team members work to ensure code quality, consistency and adherence to best practices.
Participate in Scrum events.


Required Skills And Experience

Strong Proficiency in PHP and MySQL
Experience with web technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Knowledge of security best practices in web application development
Excellent problem-solving and debugging skills
Familiarity with version control systems (git)
Strong communication and teamwork skills
Excellent time management skills, with the capacity to meet deadlines and manage multiple responsibilities simultaneously.
Strong attention to detail
Experience working in Agile software development environments, particularly using the Scrum framework.


Desirable skills and experience:

Experience deploying custom hooks, addons, and modules in WHMCS to extend platform functionality and integrate with external systems.
Familiarity with cPanel, WHM or web hosting environments.
Solid understanding of internet protocols and services such as HTTP, SMTP, FTP, SSH, TLS, and DNS, with practical experience troubleshooting connectivity and configuration issues.
Proficiency with the Linux command line .
Experience with frameworks and libraries such as Laravel (including Eloquent ORM), jQuery, and Smarty.
Unit testing with PHP Unit.
Experience working with APIs.
Experience with PHP Storm.
Proficiency with PHPMyAdmin .


Working Hours:

The normal hours of the business are 08:30 am to 17:00 pm. Monday to Friday inclusive. Some flexibility can be offered in start and finish times as per discussion with the hiring manager.

After Training work will be done from the office in Waterford Ireland on a full-time basis. Hybrid working will only be an option after discussions with the Line Manager.

Right to work

At any stage please be prepared to provide proof of eligibility to work in Ireland.

Unfortunately, we are unable to support Sponsorship Visas.