Job Description:
At Fidelity we are looking for technical graduates to join our LEAP Technology Immersion Program. Fidelity LEAP is our 20 week, learner-centered program, crafted to prepare graduates to become leading technologists. The program is designed to reinforce our culture of development and growth mindset through immersive, high-impact learning experiences and deep coaching. Upon graduation, you will be placed into a team within Fidelity’s Technology group in Dublin.

The Program:

This global program offers successful graduates a blended learning model including self-directed, coached and instructor led learning. Our program strives to challenge and excite you, applying direct technical coaching with hands on project work, alongside a supportive innovative team. Upon program completion, your role will challenge your newly acquired skills and experience.

Our flexible workplace supports the utilization of our office space for creative collaboration and team interactions. The training will be completed at our Dublin location with a portion of flexibility for remote working.

The Team:

We believe that small, empowered, self-motivated teams can achieve extraordinary things. There are many diverse teams comprised of highly enthusiastic and driven technologists who trust in the power of innovation and teamwork. Our focus is on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want.

The value you bring:

Engineering Passion

Currently pursuing or recently completed a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science and/or Information Technology majors.
Experience of application development skills and the ability to be adaptable across OO-based languages such as Java, Python, C#, JavaScript, JQuery etc.
Curiosity and Adaptability

Possess an eagerness and curiosity to learn about new technologies while being comfortable adapting to a fluid working environment.
Have the ability to work in a fast-paced environment to achieve group goals.
Ability to problem-solve and think analytically.
Global Attitude

An enthusiastic communicator with a desire to work with global diverse teams in an Agile framework.
Have a keen interest in broadening your knowledge in financial services.
Relevant Experience

Understanding of software development principles and data structures.
Prior experience in a technology-related internship or work with hands-on technical project is beneficial but not essential.
Here’s what a typical day of work might look like for you

Self-directed learning – guided paths are provided on our learning platforms enabling you to take ownership of your learning journey by building your knowledge and skills.
Technical training – vendor led classroom based training and practical exercises to deepen your technical skills and knowledge.
Project – work in a group with your colleagues in the program to apply the skills learned through your technical training. Gain experience building core software engineering capabilities in web and application development while applying your knowledge to the end-to-end process.
Learning days – take time to focus on your Fidelity LEAP learning curriculum or broaden your skills in a new area to achieve your personal development goals.
What’s in it for you?

A career with Fidelity Ireland is filled with potential and you’re empowered to build the kind of future you want. We’re engineering cutting-edge technologies, supporting research & development, and redefining operational excellence. There’s lots on offer. From making a difference through community volunteerism, to further professional accreditation, or fueling your passion by joining one of our many employee advocacy groups. We have an amazing package of benefits and programs designed to help you thrive.

Flexible workplace – supporting a hybrid working environment
Healthcare Plan and Employee Assistance Program
Lifestyle benefit – an annual €500 tax-free pre-paid credit card
Subsidized onsite canteen
Access to lifestyle savings and discounts
Performance related bonus
Pension with company contribution based on age and tenure
Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer.

We believe that the most effective way to attract, develop and retain a diverse workforce is to build an enduring culture of inclusion and belonging.

Fidelity will reasonably accommodate applicants with disabilities who need adjustments to participate in the application or interview process. To initiate a request for an accommodation, contact AccommodationsIreland@fmr.com.

