About the job
Description

Do you want to solve business challenges through innovative technology? Do you enjoy working on cutting-edge, scalable services technology in a team environment? Do you like working on industry-defining projects that move the needle?

At Amazon, we hire the best minds in technology to innovate and build on behalf of our customers. The intense focus we have on our customers is why we are one of the world’s most beloved brands – customer obsession is part of our company DNA. Our Front End Engineers (FEEs) use cutting-edge technology to solve complex problems and get to see the impact of their work first-hand.

Are you excited to build products that are used by Amazon customers all over the world? As a Front-End Engineer, you’ll have the opportunity to work closely with experienced developers to create the user-facing side of software. You’ll collaborate with team members and stakeholders on UX and the full software development lifecycle, including scoping, software design, code, testing, documentation, deployment, and maintenance.

Key job responsibilities

 Deliver software components and improvements to software features with your team’s software.
 Collaborate with UX designers and backend engineers to implement intuitive user interfaces and seamless user experiences
 Build reusable UI components and libraries using modern frontend frameworks
 Optimize web applications for maximum speed and scalability
 Help provide operational support for your team and work to ensure that root causes are identified and resolved.
 Participate in code reviews and contribute to frontend architecture decisions
 Stay up-to-date with emerging frontend technologies and industry trend

Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis. For an update on your status, or to confirm your application was submitted successfully, please login to your candidate portal. Please note that Amazon works with a high volume of applicants. We appreciate your patience as we review applications for future Amazonians!

Basic Qualifications

 Graduated less than 24 months ago or about to complete a Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related fields at time of application
 Knowledge of Computer Science fundamentals such as object-oriented design, algorithm design, data structures, problem solving and complexity analysis
 Experience in HTML, CSS, or JavaScript
 Experience in at least one object-oriented programming language (e.g., JavaScript, Python, C#)
 Knowledge of computer science fundamentals (e.g., data structures & algorithms, OO design)

Preferred Qualifications

 Experience in one or more relevant front-end frameworks such as React, Angular, etc.
 Knowledge of UX best practices
 Previous technical internships in a related field (e.g., Front-End, Full Stack, Web Development).
 Customer obsession and strong problem-solving skills.

Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.

Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of protected veteran status, disability, or other legally protected status.

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.


Company - Amazon Development Centre Ireland Limited

Job ID: A2868649