About the job
By Joining Citi, you will become part of a global organisation whose mission is to serve as a trusted partner to our clients by responsibly providing financial services that enable growth and economic progress.

Team/Role Overview

The Software Developer is an intermediate level position responsible for participation in the establishment and implementation of new or revised application systems and programs in coordination with the Technology team. The overall objective of this role is to contribute to applications systems analysis and programming activities.

What You’ll Do

Java experience with modern IoC frameworks like Spring.
 Experience with and ability to lead CICD / agile delivery mechanisms.
Experience with writing and deploying microservices as containers to kubernetes environment for example RH OpenShift. ss
Understanding and passion for writing clean code.
Experience with SQL queries using Oracle Database.
Understanding of TDD and BDD testing and working closely with analysts on user stories and test criteria.
Experience working in mixed/virtual/diverse environments (small co-located team with a larger team in another location) Desirable: Financial services experience, Knowledge of resilient enterprise systems in areas like core banking, or financial messaging 
Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made, demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients and assets, by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency.

What we’ll need from you

Relevant experience in the Financial Service industry
Experience with Scrum and Agile deliveries
Intermediate level experience in Applications Development role
Utilize knowledge of applications development procedures and concepts, and basic knowledge of other technical areas to identify and define necessary system enhancements, including using script tools and analyzing/interpreting code
Consult with users, clients, and other technology groups on issues, and recommend programming solutions, install, and support customer exposure systems
Apply fundamental knowledge of programming languages for design specifications.
Analyze applications to identify vulnerabilities and security issues, as well as conduct testing and debugging
Consistently demonstrates clear and concise written and verbal communication
Demonstrated problem-solving and decision-making skills
Ability to work under pressure and manage deadlines or unexpected changes in expectations or requirements
Bachelor’s degree/University degree or equivalent experience