Responsibilities

We are looking for a Software Engineer specialising in .NET development technologies to join our rapidly expanding software team. Our team is responsible for developing a broad range of software solutions for Liebherr Container Crane product. All successful candidates have broad opportunities to develop software solutions for user interaction, hardware & device interfacing, crane control, drive and motion, sensor fusion, and data science & analytics; to administer and maintain our products and services.

The ideal candidate has qualified in a relevant software engineering discipline and has .Net experience (.Net Core or .net Framework). You are highly motivated, dependable, and thorough and can manage multiple tasks simultaneously. You are confident and can challenge the status quo, adapting to new technologies or techniques easily. You possess excellent planning, scheduling and organisational skills and can manage and deliver projects to challenging deadlines. You must have excellent communication skills, with a proven ability to build, manage and maintain relationships at all levels. You are a natural problem solver, with the ability to deliver solutions and results.

Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following:

• Build .NET applications based on product requirements
o Participate in requirements analysis
o Collaborate with internal teams to produce software design and architecture
o Write clean, scalable code using C# .NET programming language
o Test and deploy applications and systems
o Revise, update, refactor and debug code
o Improve existing software
o Develop documentation throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC)
• Serve as an expert on applications and provide technical support
o Present and review technical solutions to a technical and non-technical audience
o Assist technical support team with resolving any field issues
• Develop and integrate project specific requirements
o Liaise with software, electrical and other design disciplines to prepare project requirements and to develop/document software solutions to meet business compliance and performance requirements
o Liaise with field support engineers to rollout new software
o Contribute to the development, implementation, and maintenance of a Good Engineering Practice platform for effective delivery of projects.
• Participate in risk assessments to ensure new features/upgrades comply with safety standard.

Qualifications, Requirements and Experience

• Min Level 7 degree in any of the following disciplines: Computer Science, Software Engineering or related field.
• Proven .NET experience (.Net Core or .Net Framework).
• Commercial architecture experience with cloud technologies - Azure.
• Familiarity with Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF), ASP.NET frameworks, MMSQL Server and design architecture patterns.
• Proven experience with C# .NET language and SQL, YAML and XML.
• Familiarity with architecture styles/APIs (REST, RPC).
• An understanding of asynchronous programming.
• Experience and good understanding of design patterns.
• Understanding of Agile methodologies.
• Excellent troubleshooting and communication skills.
• Work as necessary in the heavy machinery environment at container terminals and assist with crane commissioning.
• Willingness to travel internationally on occasion.

Benefits

We offer a competitive salary, pension scheme, training and development opportunities, subsidised canteen, retailer discounts, travel opportunities, sports and social club, cycle to work scheme and if that isn't enough, we have an early finish on a Friday!

**We do not require the assistance of recruitment agencies for this role.

#LCC

To be considered for this role you will be redirected to and must complete the application process on our careers page. To start the process click the Continue to Application or Login/Register to apply button below.