The Azure Networking team continues to innovate across the stack, pushing new scale and features into the cloud and desktop platforms while transforming our infrastructure to meet the growing needs of the 200-plus Microsoft online services, including Bing, MSN, Office 365, Xbox Live, Skype, OneDrive and several hundred thousand customers using Azure to host and run their Cloud Services in over 100 datacenters, running millions of servers and edge computing nodes all over the world. Our teams work on the breadth of networking offerings (Networking hardware, optical and IP networks that span subsea, terrestrial and metro fiber, Hybrid services enabling VPN and MPLS connectivity from customers' on premise network to our cloud, Edge services enabling optimized peering and routing, SDN products to enable customers to run their on-premise services in the cloud with Virtual Networks, Load Balancers, Security Groups and Services, Application Gateways, Virtual Appliances to easily mimic on-premise architectures, and DNS services to reach and traffic manage services.

Software Defined Networking (SDN) enables customers to realize and control the network they desire for their workload in the cloud. This includes traditional enterprise network functions like ACLs, firewalls, load balancers, IPS/IDS, DoS protection, that customers want to realize in the network for their VMs in the cloud. All these need to be delivered on a shared, very high speed but low-complexity physical network based on merchant silicon. And that is where the software comes in - all this can be realized and delivered in software by building a virtual network on top of physical network, using the virtualized host as the scale-out engine for all our policies, allowing the underlying physical network to be cheap and extremely fast. Creating a new, software controlled virtualized network, optimized for the cloud, represents a once-in-ten-years technological shift. The entire industry is realizing the SDN vision and jumping into it.

As a Software Engineer in SDN, you will be front and center of the two key disruptions happening: cloud and SDN. You will be a part of the overall Microsoft Azure team responsible for building the highly available, robust and large-scale virtual network technology in cloud. You will be stretched to grow in your design and implementation skills as an engineer as you work on a service used by millions of customers every day - a service needing continuous innovation to improve feature offerings, agility, reliability, performance, scale and cost effectiveness. This opportunity will allow you to accelerate your career growth, develop deep technical insight, hone your skills as a modern stack software engineer.

Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond.
Responsibilities
Works with appropriate stakeholders to determine user requirements for a set of features.
Contributes to the identification of dependencies, and the development of design documents for a product area with little oversight.
Creates and implements code for a product, service, or feature, reusing code as applicable.
Contributes to efforts to break down larger work items into smaller work items and provides estimation.
Acts as a Designated Responsible Individual (DRI) working on-call to monitor system/product feature/service for degradation, downtime, or interruptions and gains approval to restore system/product/service for simple problems.
Remains current in skills by investing time and effort into staying abreast of current developments that will improve the availability, reliability, efficiency, observability, and performance of products while also driving consistency in monitoring and operations at scale.
Qualifications
Required/Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related technical field AND technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python
OR equivalent experience.
Other Requirements:
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings:
Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.

Additional or Preferred Qualifications:
Master's Degree in Computer Science or related technical field AND technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python
OR equivalent experience.
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. Consistent with applicable law, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.