Job Description:

Here at Rakuten Kobo Inc. we offer a casual working start-up environment and a group of friendly and talented individuals. Our employees rank us highly in terms of commitment to work/life balance. We realize that for our people to be innovative, creative and passionate they need to feel valued and supported. We believe in rewarding all our employees with competitive salaries, performance based annual bonuses, stock options and training opportunities.  
 

If you’re looking for a company that inspires passion, personal, and professional growth – join Kobo and come help us on our mission of making reading lives better.

The Role: 

Rakuten Kobo Ireland is looking for a Software Engineer I to join our amazing Web team! This is a remote position based in Dublin, Ireland.
 

You will be joining one of our development web teams to deliver awesome new features for our many users to enjoy. 
 

Our engineers are enthusiastic and operate across the development spectrum, from front-end to back-end to CI/CD and infrastructure. We take full responsibility for our work, from requirements gathering and solutioning, to implementation and testing, to deploying and monitoring how our code behaves in front of real customers. Kobo is looking for an engineer who shares these passions and is proud of the work they do.
 

Reporting to the Software Engineering Manager, the Full Stack Software Engineer I will play a supporting role in all aspects of delivery from design, planning, and implementation through to releasing and monitoring.

Responsibilities: 

Participate in the design, development, and testing of our web applications for improvements and new product features.
Contribute to monitoring production systems through various metrics and assist in debugging/fixing issues as they arise.
Participate in code reviews; happy to give and receive constructive feedback
Communicate clearly and effectively with teammates.
Learn and apply best practices in software development, including testing strategies and version control.
Implement and deploy features to production.
The Skillset:  

Required:

Computer Science or Computer Engineering Degree (or equivalent practical development experience).
Practical knowledge of C# or Java, and strong understanding of Object-Oriented Programming (OOP)
Knowledge and some practical experience with HTML, JavaScript, and CSS frameworks.
Knowledge and some practical experience writing SQL queries.
Basic understanding of SOLID Principles and Practices, IoC.
Working knowledge of distributed version control like Git or similar.
Experience writing unit tests.
Good interpersonal skills with the ability to work well in a distributed team environment.
Comfortable with and enthusiastic about learning new technologies.
Nice to Haves: 

Previous e-commerce work experience.
Working in an Agile environment and team.
Experience with AI-powered coding assistants (e.g., GitHub Copilot).
Exposure to Docker, Solr, Kubernetes.
Experience with NoSQL databases such as RavenDB.
Working with GitHub or Azure DevOps.
Experience with modern JS frameworks such as React/Angular.
Familiarity with CI/CD concepts.
   

The Perks:

Flexible hours and remote working environment
4 extra long weekends around bank holiday weekends
Full benefits starting from your first day
Paid Volunteer days, unlimited sick days, 3% pension matching
Monthly internet allowance
Flexible spending account
Talent and development training budget
Free Kobo device + free weekly e-book or audiobook
Weekly Kobo Tech University sessions
Maternity/paternity leave top up
About Rakuten Kobo Inc.

Owned by Tokyo-based Rakuten and headquartered in Toronto, Rakuten Kobo Inc. is one of the most advanced global ecommerce companies, with the world’s most innovative eReading services offering more than 6 million eBooks and audiobooks to 30 million + customers in 190 countries. Kobo delivers the best digital reading experience through creative innovation, award-winning eReaders, and top-ranking mobile apps. Kobo is a part of the Rakuten group of companies.
 

 Rakuten Kobo Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. Accessibility accommodations for candidates with disabilities participating in the selection process are available on request. Any information received related to accommodation needs of applicants will be addressed confidentially.
 

Rakuten Kobo would like to thank all applicants for their interest in this role however only qualified candidates will be shortlisted.
 

Beware of fraudulent job offers claiming to be from Rakuten. Rakuten does not send unsolicited job offers or request money during the recruitment process. Learn more: https://rakutenemploymentalert.com/
 

#RKIND