About the job
SOTI is committed to providing its employees with endless possibilities; learning new things, working with the latest technologies and making a difference in the world.

Job Title: Software Developer (Intern 8-12 months)

Location: Galway, Ireland

Who We Are

At SOTI, our people are our most important resource. We’re looking for focused ambitious individuals to take part in a diverse innovative global team as a Software Developer Intern within our Research & Development Hub in Galway, Ireland. If you’re passionate about the Technology industry, enjoy learning new technologies while aligning it to creating real business solutions we want to hear from you.

What We’re Looking For

SOTI is looking for passionate students who are completing their studies within a computer science or related technical field (within academia or home-based study) to take part in great opportunity to kick start your career within Software Development.

As a successful candidate, you’ll get the chance to work with leading edge technologies and take on complex and interesting projects as part of fast-paced, highly collaborative, and agile teams. You have the passion for software architecture and design and enjoy building robust scalable applications in a cross-platform environment. A self-starter who can co-ordinate with a team yet work independently towards a common goal.

What’s in it for you?

The People - Our people are our most important resource. From our humble origins in our founder’s basement, to our industry leading position today, SOTI has worked hard to foster a company culture that we can all believe in. A culture that emphasizes personal growth, continuous innovation and fun.

The Growth - Our environment fosters new ideas, fresh perspectives, and the ability to take them over the goal line. SOTI is a fast-paced environment with a global reach that encourages you to make your mark and be part of something big!

The Technology - You’ll get the chance to work with leading edge technologies and take on complex and interesting projects, as part of highly collaborative and agile teams. You will work alongside SOTI’s partners which include leading tech giants that will keep you on the cusp of emerging technologies.

What You’ll Do

Develop innovative solutions to tackle big industry problems
Write well designed, scalable, reliable, testable and reusable code by using best software development practices, clean code and solid principles
Provide technical guidance on the research and development of new products and services
Contribute towards the entire development lifecycle of analysis, design, implementation and test
Detect, report, investigate, and fix product defects
Automation, including writing unit and integration tests
Optimize and apply best practices
Maintain high standards of quality for code, technical documentation, and deliverables
Provide leadership on implementation of web solutions in C# and .NET
Collaborate on projects with an all-star team comprised of varying skillsets through code reviews and design discussions
Participate in brainstorming and idea generation activities
Stay up-to-date with advanced technologies in order to be able to provide the best solutions for new projects

Experience You’ll Bring

Enrolled in a post-secondary program with an accredited College or University in a STEM related program.
A minimum of 1 year of related experience working in software development environments where you are building front-end and back-end components of Web applications
Exposure to developing with C# .NET programming language
Good understanding of software design patterns
Good understanding of data modelling and storage with well-known relational database (preferably SQL)
Demonstrable versatility in multiple front-end and back-end technologies such as JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, AngularJS, NodeJS, REST APIs, JSON, WCF, Web API, Unity, LINQ
Experience (or strong interest) in agile methods such as Scrum/XP, Behaviour Driven Development, and Continuous Delivery.

About SOTI

SOTI is the world's most trusted provider of mobile and IoT management solutions, with more than 17,000 enterprise customers and millions of devices managed worldwide. SOTI's innovative portfolio of solutions and services provide the tools organizations need to truly mobilize their operations and optimize their mobility investments. SOTI extends secure mobility management to provide a total, flexible solution for comprehensive management and security of all mobile devices and connected peripherals deployed in an organization.

At SOTI, we celebrate the uniqueness of our global teams and are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are curious problem solvers who are committed to bringing the best mobile and IoT management solutions to market. We offer careers with #EndlessPossibilities.

What are you waiting for? Apply today: https://www.soti.net/careers

If you want to bring your ideas to life, apply at SOTI today.

Please note that SOTI does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies. In the absence of a signed Services Agreement with agency/recruiter, SOTI will not consider or agree to payment of any referral compensation or recruiter fee.