About the job
Why join Stryker?

Looking for a place that values your unique talents? Discover Stryker's award-winning culture.

This role will be based in our Cork office. As an R&D Co-Op Student, you will perform a wide variety of technical work in planning and design of medical devices for Orthopedic Surgeons to allow them to plan and perform their procedures. This role will support the R&D New Product Development Teams as they bring new medical devices products to market.

Throughout the placement, you will be an integral part of Stryker’s 2026 Cooperative cohort.

Who are we looking for? 

Dedicated Achievers. Relentless about quality, people who thrive in a fast-paced environment and will stop at nothing to ensure a project is complete and meets regulations and expectations
Motivated product launchers. Engineers who bring strategic direction and drive for execution to ensure products are developed and launched with precision
Goal-oriented developers. Keeping the customer and requirements squarely in focus, people who deliver safe and robust solutions.
User-focused creators. People who imagine with the user in mind, developing technology that helps change patients’ lives.
Curious learners. People who seek out cutting-edge research and information to expand and enhance their ability to develop new ideas into reality.

Tasks and responsibilities may include:

Technical Competencies:

Under supervision, assist in the design, develop, modification, and verification of software for medical devices.
Assist with prototyping and bench testing.
Support problem solving, root cause analysis, identify potential solutions, and evaluate them against requirements.
Under supervision, conduct research and studies to support product design.

Business Responsibilities: 

Understand the product’s intended use and clinical procedures.

Med Device Compliance: 

Learn fundamental industry standards, design requirements and test strategies which align with regulatory requirements.
With supervision, create or refine engineering documentation, such as the Design History file per company design control procedures.
Learn R&D procedures like design controls and risk management, per the Quality Management System.

General Responsibilities: 

With supervision, work with R&D, Quality, Manufacturing, Regulatory, Clinical, Marketing and Project Management to ensure project success.
Learn procedures, policies, processes, systems, and technology required.
Work on problems in limited scope; purposefully learn while gaining experience.
Demonstrate ownership and integrity of work.
Build stable relationships.
Contribute to the project as a team member.

What you will need:

Studying / completed a Bachelor’s or Master's Degree in Biomedical Engineering, Software or Electronic Engineering, Robotics or related discipline.
Fundamental knowledge and understanding of embedded software engineering practices and tools, design principles within a regulated environment.
Basic knowledge of programming in Embedded C and C++ (required), Python (desirable). With supervision, design new components and systems applying various design concepts and patterns.
Basic knowledge of testing/maintaining/debugging software using hardware tools
PCB design including schematics and layout with tools such as Altium or Orcad is a plus but not mandatory
Basic knowledge of analysis tools and statistical methods.
Experience working with development boards e.g. Raspberry Pi a plus but not mandatory
Fluent in the use of MS Office

What we can offer:

Attractive salary & vacation entitlement
Experience our inclusive, people-first culture. You will be paired with mentors and have access to leaders who support your growth, give constructive feedback, and help build confidence.
Flexible working hours
Sports & Social clubs and DE&I Employee Resource Groups and the opportunity to connect with other co-ops 
The opportunity to contribute to real-world projects that make a difference in improving healthcare and patients’ lives. In Stryker, you will be given responsibilities that truly matter.

Next steps:

Once you have applied to one of our co-op opportunities, our dedicated University Recruiting Business Partners will take some time to look through your application and ensure you meet the criteria in relation to the specific position.
Should all requirements be met, and you are happy to proceed, in September, successful candidates will be invited to a final round business interview with the hiring team.
If successful through the final round business interview, you will receive your offer shortly after
Please note, individual recruitment timelines may vary – please keep in contact with your University Recruiting Business Partner and your university placement coordinator for specific timelines and updates.

This role will be posted for a minimum of 3 days.

Stryker is a global leader in medical technologies and, together with its customers, is driven to make healthcare better. The company offers innovative products and services in MedSurg, Neurotechnology, Orthopaedics and Spine that help improve patient and healthcare outcomes. Alongside its customers around the world, Stryker impacts more than 150 million patients annually.