About the job
Overview

At Fanatics Betting & Gaming (FBG), a core division of Fanatics' mission to establish the ultimate end-to-end digital sports platform, we're crafting a world where every aspect of a sports fan's passion is catered to. As an Engineer I with the Trading Engineering team, you'll be thrust into the innovative heart of our risk and trading domain, where the technical challenges are as diverse as they are complex. Experience great learning opportunities where you'll engage with cutting-edge technologies and methodologies to build and enhance real-time systems that not only support FBG's operations but are integral to Fanatics' broader goal of revolutionizing sports fan engagement, in an environment that fosters innovation and personal development.
In this dynamic and supportive environment, your work will directly impact the development of sophisticated systems, driving innovation in how sports fans engage with the Fanatics ecosystem and deliver FBG products. You'll tackle unique technical challenges within our real-time decision-making systems, ensuring our platform remains at the forefront of the industry. Here, your professional growth is as vital as our platform's evolution, ensuring you develop alongside our mission to revolutionize the sports experience for fans worldwide.


Responsibilities

Contribute to the design and implementation of scalable, secure, and high-performance solutions within our event-driven architecture, focusing on enhancing system reliability and efficiency.
Assist in analyzing and addressing complex problems in multifaceted systems to improve overall performance and scalability.
Write efficient, modular, and testable code that adheres to our commitment to innovation and quality standards.
Support the product lifecycle from concept through development and deployment, and beyond, ensuring smooth operation and reliability of our platform.
Communicate effectively, escalating challenges as necessary and participating in code reviews to elevate code quality and foster knowledge sharing
Collaborate seamlessly with Product, Quants and Engineering teams to ensure timely delivery of stable and reliable applications aligned with our product vision.
Play an active role in team discussions on planning and design, gaining insights into design philosophies and contributing to our product's evolution.
Enhance software quality through focusing on testability, operational metrics, and comprehensive documentation.
Become a product minded engineer developing a fundamental understanding of our industry, product, feature set and roadmap
Engage in mentorship opportunities to both learn and share knowledge, promoting personal and team growth.
Support critical operations through participation in an on-call rotation
Be willing to travel occasionally for special events and for essential offsite meetings and team collaboration sessions.


Required Qualifications

Some demonstrable experience building & deploying applications.
Familiarity with cloud platforms, C# and SQL/NoSQL persistence solutions (Azure a plus).
Effective communication skills, capable of collaborating with own team and wider audiences.
Excellent analytical and problem solving skills.
Thrives in an entrepreneurial, hyper-growth environment where priorities evolve regularly and decisions are made quickly.
Team-first mentality, with a willingness to do what it takes to get the job done and a desire to strive for better.
Understanding of software design, development, and testing principles including SOLID, DRY, TDD, BDD
Passion for software development and system architecture and sharing knowledge within a highly collaborative team.


Preferred Qualifications

Familiarity with sports betting or a keen interest in sports is desirable.
Experience of building software using Domain Driven Design (DDD)
Ability to translate business needs into technical solutions.
Experience in partnering with cross-functional teams.
Experience working in a start-up environment
Passionate about working in a highly collaborative team environment
Ready to build the future of sports betting? If you possess some of these skills but not all of them, we still encourage you to apply!  Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position. We are open to fully remote candidates based in Ireland, but we strongly encourage those who can join us on campus two days per week.