About the job
Job Description

State Street Identity and Access management (IAM) engineering team is looking for outstanding individuals with excellent intellectual and analytical capabilities, entrepreneurial problem-solving skills, strong communications, and influencing capabilities. This role will have a broad range of responsibilities within IAM.

What You Will Be Responsible For

As an application support engineer, you will:

Have proven technology expertise in areas including Systems Engineering and full Software development life cycle (analysis, design, and execution).
Technology expertise in troubleshooting applications built in Java, Autosys, SQL
Knowledge of incident, problem, change process handling along with DevOps
Good Demonstration and Documentation skills (should be independent to write RCA, SOP's and KB development).
Experience in monitoring tools such as Autosys, Dynatrace, Splunk.


What We Value

These skills will help you succeed in this role

Strong communication skills to promote critical wins and new behaviors throughout the organization
proven ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously
Ability to work independently and as part of a small, focused, global scrum team
Self-starter with a keen sense of ownership and commitment to work, and passion for delivering results.


Education & Preferred Qualifications

Bachelor Degree (BS)
Experience working within Cybersecurity in large financial organizations
Demonstrated experience implementing large-scale IAM Systems


Are you the right candidate? Yes!

We truly believe in the power that comes from the diverse backgrounds and experiences our employees bring with them. Although each vacancy details what we are looking for, we don’t necessarily need you to fulfil all of them when applying. If you like change and innovation, seek to see the bigger picture, make data driven decisions and are a good team player, you could be a great fit.

About State Street

What we do. State Street is one of the largest custodian banks, asset managers and asset intelligence companies in the world. From technology to product innovation, we’re making our mark on the financial services industry. For more than two centuries, we’ve been helping our clients safeguard and steward the investments of millions of people. We provide investment servicing, data & analytics, investment research & trading and investment management to institutional clients.

Work, Live and Grow. We make all efforts to create a great work environment. Our benefits packages are competitive and comprehensive. Details vary by location, but you may expect generous medical care, insurance and savings plans, among other perks. You’ll have access to flexible Work Programs to help you match your needs. And our wealth of development programs and educational support will help you reach your full potential.

Inclusion, Diversity and Social Responsibility. We truly believe our employees’ diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspectives are a powerful contributor to creating an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive and reach their maximum potential while adding value to both our organization and our clients. We warmly welcome candidates of diverse origin, background, ability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and personality. Another fundamental value at State Street is active engagement with our communities around the world, both as a partner and a leader. You will have tools to help balance your professional and personal life, paid volunteer days, matching gift programs and access to employee networks that help you stay connected to what matters to you.

State Street is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.

Job ID: R-772842

